Fix slow extension sync from remote storage on startup (#27989)
directus/directus: .changeset/parallel-extension-sync.md

---
'@directus/api': patch
'@directus/env': patch
---

> Fixed slow extension sync from remote storage on startup by downloading files concurrently instead of one at a time. The number of concurrent downloads is configurable via the new `EXTENSIONS_SYNC_MAX_CONCURRENCY` environment variable (default 20).

Reviewer: Nit
```suggestion
Fixed slow extension sync from remote storage during startup. Added `EXTENSIONS_STORAGE_MAX_CONCURRENCY` to configure the maximum number of concurrent downloads.
```

Author: Applied, thanks.
